My changes (#69)
SW814F20/Report: report/Outline/testPiler.tex

What about implementation details that are not part of the knowledge domain of the Mobile Customer Application.

Therefore we envision a compromise from our initial idea. 
We will still build a plugin, but instead of building a Flutter only plugin, we will build a more general package that can be used either in a Flutter project or in a stand-alone project.
Such a general package would allow the development team to have full control over how their tooling pipeline is constructed.

> For some development teams it would be fine to have our solution tight coupled directly into the implementation code base, for other teams though it would be seen as a risc to rely so havily on thirdparty tooling, and they can instead create a simple program that uses our package and thereby decouple their implementation code base from our package. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For some development teams it would be fine to have our solution tight coupled directly into the implementation code base, for other teams, it would be seen as a risk to rely so heavily on third party tooling, and they can instead create a simple program that uses our package and thereby decouple their implementation code base from our package. 
```

The package should then have the ability to connect to the backend and generate the test suite - the output would then be what we will call the test artifacts.

The test artifacts are simply the generated target code exported to files and stored on the disc. 
If the developer team has choosen to use our package in their Flutter implementation codebase the package could be configured to override the old artifacts and repopulate with the new ones.

> If the developer team has choosen to decouple our package, it is up to them selves how they would like the process to be, they could choose to make it fully manually, so the developer have to copy/ paste the artifacts into the implementation, or they could choose to automate it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the developer team has choosen to decouple our package, it is up to them selves how they would like the process to be.
They could choose to make it fully manually, so the developer have to copy and paste the artifacts into the implementation, or they could choose to automate it.
```
